wifidog-auth-lite

README Document

Alexandre Carmel-Veilleux
<acv@miniguru.ca>

INTRODUCTION
============

	Wifidog-auth-lite was initially a one-off project for
Ile Sans Fil. The primary goal was to have NoCatSplash like
behavior during a single one-day event Ile Sans Fil was being
paid to provide wifi at.
	This was in the beginning, when the gateway was still
somewhat unstable and ISF was flat broke money-wise. And so
we agreed to provide wifi and then when it came to the auth
server, we weren't ready.
	I volunteered to write this package and did so in a
few hours, litteraly at the 11th hour in fact. I volunteered
because at the time I was quite possibly the only one who
know precisely how little the Gateway needed to get going.
While the technical consensus was to trim down the Auth
Server. Whereas I knew that a file containing only the
following lines would successfully authenticate a user:

-------------------
Auth: 1
Messages: |Bogus
-------------------

	And so I wrote that code, the event was held (that
is a story in its own right) and then the code was quickly
forgotten, rotted and then broke. It was no longer needed.
	And now, I'm giving the code a second-life as a
minimal implementation of the WifiDog protocol. The focus
this time around will be two-fold:

	1. Debugging gateway protocol interactions.

	2. Providing a lightweight PHP4 base for anyone
	   to start from when implementing their own
	   auth server.

	It's important to note that it is not a goal to
develop an alternate auth server for Ile Sans Fil or even
a new primary auth server to replace wifidog-auth. Highly
motivated groupd will find the base useful but users that
don't possess programming skills will be much better served
trying to get wifidog-auth working then trying to make
wifidog-auth-lite behave as they wish.
	Wireless groups however will find that the debugging
tools included very useful if they're having any network
communications problem in their environment.
	Incidental goals of this project will include the
production of a detailed protocol specification and of tools
to simulate a gateway to test auth servers.
